[Gen 2][Mobile] Update social sign-in to support iOS, Android, Flutter and React Native. (#7266)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/add-social-provider/index.mdx

  };
}

<InlineFilter filters={['flutter']}>
## Prerequisites

> * An app setup according to the [getting started walkthrough](/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/set-up-auth/)

Reviewer: set up

</InlineFilter>

<InlineFilter filters={['android']}>
## Prerequisites

* An app setup according to the [getting started walkthrough](/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/set-up-auth/)

</InlineFilter>

<InlineFilter filters={['swift']}>
## Prerequisites

> * An app setup according to the [getting started walkthrough](/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/set-up-auth/)

Reviewer: set up

> <InlineFilter filters={['flutter']}>
> ## Prerequisites
> 
> * An app set up according to the [getting started walkthrough](/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/set-up-auth/)
> 
> </InlineFilter>
> 
> <InlineFilter filters={['android']}>
> ## Prerequisites
> 
> * An app set up according to the [getting started walkthrough](/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/set-up-auth/)
> 
> </InlineFilter>
> 
> <InlineFilter filters={['swift']}>
> ## Prerequisites
> 
> * An app set up according to the [getting started walkthrough](/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/set-up-auth/)
> 
> </InlineFilter>

Reviewer 2: These look like the same links and text? It should be possible to just have one setup for all three of these filters like so if these links are supposed to be the same:

```suggestion
<InlineFilter filters={['flutter', 'android', 'swift']}>
## Prerequisites

* An app set up according to the [getting started walkthrough](/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/set-up-auth/)

</InlineFilter>
```

If you are using the [Authenticator component](https://ui.docs.amplify.aws/react/connected-components/authenticator/configuration#social-providers) with Amplify Gen 2, this feature works without any additional code. The guide below is for writing your own implementation.
</Callout>

<InlineFilter filters={['react-native']}>

### Install native module

`signInWithRedirect` displays the sign-in UI inside a platform-dependent webview. On iOS devices, an [ASWebAuthenticationSession](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/authenticationservices/aswebauthenticationsession) will be launched and, on Android, a [Custom Tab](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/android/custom-tabs/). After the sign-in process is complete, the sign-in UI will redirect back to your app.

To enable this capability, an additional dependency must be installed.

```sh
npm install @aws-amplify/rtn-web-browser
```

### Platform Setup

> <Callout>On iOS, there should be no additional setup steps.</Callout>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On iOS, there are no additional setup steps.
```

</Accordion>

</InlineFilter>

<InlineFilter filters={['flutter']}>
## How It Works

Sign-in with web UI will display the sign-in UI inside a webview. After the sign-in process is complete, the sign-in UI will redirect back to your app.

## Platform Setup

> <h3>Web</h3>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Web
```

To use Hosted UI in your Flutter web application locally, you must run the app with the `--web-port=3000` argument (with the value being whichever port you assigned to localhost host when configuring your redirect URIs).

> <h3>Android</h3>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Android
```

Add the following `queries` element to the `AndroidManifest.xml` file in your app's `android/app/src/main` directory, as well as the following `intent-filter` to the `MainActivity` in the same file.

Replace `myapp` with your redirect URI scheme as necessary:

```xml
<queries>
    <intent>
        <action android:name=
            "android.support.customtabs.action.CustomTabsService" />
    </intent>
</queries>
<application>
  ...
  <activity
        android:name=".MainActivity" android:exported="true">
        <intent-filter>
            <action android:name="android.intent.action.VIEW" />
            <category android:name="android.intent.category.DEFAULT" />
            <category android:name="android.intent.category.BROWSABLE" />
            <data android:scheme="myapp" />
        </intent-filter>
  </activity>
  ...
</application>
```

> <h3>macOS</h3>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### macOS
```

Open XCode and enable the App Sandbox capability and then select "Incoming Connections (Server)" under "Network".

![Incoming Connections setting selected in the App Sandbox section of the runner signing and capabilities tab.](/images/project-setup/flutter/mac/xcode-entitlements.png)

> <h3>iOS, Windows and Linux</h3>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### iOS, Windows and Linux
```

No specific platform configuration is required.

## Launch Social Web UI Sign In

> Sweet! You're now ready to launch sign in with your social provider's web UI.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You're now ready to launch sign in with your social provider's web UI.
```
